They said they didn't notify me immediately.
Isn't this unresponsive?
Sorry, I said it was not guaranteed.
Well, you just didn't protect me well.
I want to react. Fa me. no.
Just let me go this time.
Not next time. dad.
I want to discuss something with you.
This is not impossible.
How do you know what I'm going to say?
There is nothing to count.
You should pay attention to the words "killer and thorn".
Write about your little point, let me.
Why stab.
I got herbal medicine today and our company stayed and burned me.
Is it possible that my colleagues have no theory?
This is not good for fertility
Just let me be good. That's you. What's wrong with you? This isn't it.